h1. === An indeterminate number of hoops! ===

* Website: http://spooner.github.com/games/hoops/
* The game was developed by Spooner (Bil Bas) bil.bagpuss@gmail.com

h2. Description

Hoops is a retro 2.5D game in which both players must dance as indicated by the rolling hula hoops.

h3. User settings

Hoops saves per-user-settings in the '~/.hoops_spooner' folder (This is probably 'C:\Users\<username>\.hoops_spooner\' on Windows).
Until a proper way to edit settings is implemented, if you need to change keys, you should edit
these YAML files manually.

h3. Logs

Hoops creates a log every time it runs (because it is still beta). If you have problems or crashes, it will help to include a copy of the log
in your report :)

h2. Requirements

h3. Windows

If running the .exe, there are no other requirements. Otherwise the requirements are the same as for Linux or OS/X.

h3. OS X and Linux (or Windows from source)

* Ruby 1.9.2
** Gosu gem 0.7.27
** Chingu gem 0.9rc4
** Fidgit gem 0.0.5alpha
** Texplay gem 0.3.5

h4. Using Bundler to install gems

<pre>
    bundle install
</pre>

    If the Bundler gem isn't already installed, that can be installed with:

<pre>
    gem install bundler --no-ri --no-rdoc
</pre>


h4. To run

<pre>
    ruby bin/hoops.rbw
</pre>

h2. Credits

* SiliconEidolon for playtesting.
* jlnr for help testing the OS X port.

h2. Third party assets used

h3. Songs

* "'Simply dance'":http://www.jamendo.com/en/track/751875 by Libra (from 'Girlfriend Experience') -> "CC BY-NC-ND":http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/3.0/
* "'Mentats (Edit)'":http://www.jamendo.com/en/track/753730 by Schematic Wizard (from 'Schematic Wizard') -> "CC BY-SA":http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/

h3. Other assets

* Some sprites were made by Oryx (or adapted from his work) from his "LOFI Sprite Pack":http://cgbarrett.squarespace.com/sprites/. -> "CC BY-NC-ND":http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/3.0/
* Sound effects created using "bfxr":http://www.bfxr.net/
* "Pixelated" font - created by Affinity and Epsilon
* "Gosu":http://libgosu.org/ game development library
* "Chingu":http://ippa.se/chingu game library
* "Texplay":http://banisterfiend.wordpress.com/2008/08/23/texplay-an-image-manipulation-tool-for-ruby-and-gosu/ image manipulation library for Gosu.